---
sidebar_position: 2
title: Terms of Service
---

# Terms of Service
***Last Revised on June 17, 2025***

These Terms of Service (these "**Terms**") explain the terms and conditions by which you may access and use our websites, including  www.eigenlayer.xyz (the "**EigenLayer Website**"), www.eigencloud.xyz and www.eigenda.xyz and any other websites through which these Terms are linked (collectively, the "**Websites**"), operated by or on behalf of Eigen Labs, Inc. ("**Company**", "**we**" or "**us**"). 

Our Websites, the EigenCloud Platform (as defined below), our web application(s) and front-end interface(s) (each, an "**App**"), our testnet ("**Testnet**"), our application programming interfaces ("**APIs**"), and any content, portal, tools, documentation, features and functionality offered on or through the Websites or Apps are collectively referred to herein as the "**Services**". 

The Websites and Services do not include the following subdomains of the EigenLayer Website: forum.eigenlayer.xyz (the "**Forum**"), the research forum available at  research.eigenlayer.xyz  ("**Research**" and collectively with the Forum, and any other subdomains that contain a terms of service indicating they are operated by EigenFoundation, the "**Third-Party Subdomains**"), each including any lower-level domains and any content, tools, documentations, features and functionality offered therein. 

As of August 29, 2024, the Third-Party Subdomains are operated by or on behalf of EigenFoundation or its subsidiaries, not us, and your access and use of the Third-Party Subdomains is governed by the terms and conditions available at docs.eigenfoundation.org/legal/terms-of-service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all rights and liabilities related to your use of the Third-Party Subdomains prior to August 29, 2024 are governed by these Terms.

These Terms govern your access to and use of the Services. Please read these Terms carefully, as they include important information about your legal rights. By accessing and/or using the Services, you are agreeing to these Terms. If you do not understand or agree to these Terms, you must not use the Services.

For purposes of these Terms, "**you**" and "**your**" means you as the user of the Services. If you use the Services on behalf of a company or other entity then "you" includes you and that entity, and you represent and warrant that (a) you are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and (b) you agree to these Terms on the entity's behalf.

> SECTION 20 CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. BY AGREEING TO THESE TERMS, YOU AGREE (A) TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION) RELATED TO THE COMPANY'S SERVICES AND/OR PRODUCTS THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE THOSE DISPUTES DECIDED BY A JUDGE OR JURY, AND (B) TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS, CLASS ARBITRATIONS, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS, AS SET FORTH BELOW. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER AS EXPLAINED IN SECTION 20.

1. **The Services**

The Services are built on and interoperate with a set of Protocols (defined below), including permissionless protocols, and decentralized networks, and may involve or require the participation of one or more third parties that function independently of the Company. With this in mind, please refer to Section 15 (Disclaimers) and Section 17 (Assumption of Risks) for a comprehensive explanation of the limitations, conditions, and risks associated with your use of the Services, including those outside of the Company’s control.

a. Services. The Services provide Apps and/or APIs that display data or otherwise facilitate users interfacing with protocols consisting of one or more sets of smart contracts (such underlying smart contracts are referred to herein as the "**Protocols**"). As part of our Services, we may make available to you a developer platform ("**EigenCloud Platform**") intended to facilitate your access to (i) a Protocol that allows for the staking of digital assets to provide crypto-economic security to one or more autonomously verifiable services ("**EigenLayer Protocol**", (ii) a data availability service ("**EigenDA Service**"), (iii) an off-the-shelf mechanism for verifying the validity or integrity of executed computations ("**EigenVerify Service**"); and (iv) a verifiable compute service that allows users to package code into an isolated computing environment and deploy it via an EigenCompute API ("**EigenCompute Service**"). The EigenCloud Platform, Apps and APIs are separate and distinct from any Third-Party Tools (defined below) and the Protocols, including the EigenLayer Protocol, Slashing Protocol (defined below), Redistribution Protocol (defined below), and Forking Protocol (defined below). The EigenCloud Platform, Apps and APIs are not essential to accessing the Protocols. The Apps and APIs merely facilitate a user interacting with the Protocols by submitting, retrieving and/or displaying blockchain data in a manner that reduces the complexity of using Third-Party Tools or otherwise accessing the Protocols. Developers and users of the EigenCloud Platform are free to create their own interfaces or APIs to function with the Protocols.

b. EigenDA Service. The EigenDA Service is a data availability service that allows users to interact with EigenDA node software ("**EigenDA Protocol**") to publish and retrieve data. Users may interact with the EigenDA Protocol through a disperser ("**Disperser**"). The Disperser facilitates submission of data blobs to the EigenDA Network (defined below) and distributes it to participating Operators ("**Operator Set**") for storage and availability attestations. We operate a Disperser API, which is part of the EigenDA Services ("**Eigen Disperser**"). Other developers may in the future create their own Disperser API to function with the EigenDA Protocol, and such third party Disperser APIs are not part of the Services and your use thereof is entirely at your own risk. The EigenDA Network consists of the Operator Set and Stakers (defined below) who have elected to provide crypto-economic security using their Staked Assets. While the Company retains discretion over certain eligibility criteria and operational requirements applicable to the EigenDA Operator Set, each Operator acts independently and is not an agent, employee, partner, or representative of the Company.

c. Wallets. To use certain of the Services you may need to link a third-party digital wallet ("**Wallet**") with the Services. By using a Wallet in connection with the Services, you agree that you are using the Wallet under the terms and conditions of the applicable third-party provider of such Wallet. Wallets are not associated with, maintained by, supported by or affiliated with the Company. You acknowledge and agree that we are not party to any transactions conducted while accessing our Apps, and we do not have possession, custody or control over any digital assets appearing on the Services. When you interact with the Apps, as between you and Company, you retain cryptographic control over your digital assets at all times. The Company accepts no responsibility or liability to you in connection with your use of a Wallet, and makes no representations and warranties regarding how the Services will operate with any specific Wallet. **The private keys and/or seed phrases necessary to access the assets held in a Wallet are not held by the Company. The Company has no ability to help you access or recover your private keys and/or seed phrases for your Wallet, so please keep them in a safe place.**

d. Updates; Monitoring. We may make any improvement, modifications or updates to the Services, including but not limited to changes and updates to the underlying software, infrastructure, security protocols, technical configurations or service features (the "**Updates**") from time to time. Your continued access and use of the Services are subject to such Updates and you shall accept any patches, system upgrades, bug fixes, feature modifications, or other maintenance work that arise out of such Updates. We are not liable for any failure by you to accept and use such Updates in the manner specified or required by us. Although the Company is not obligated to monitor access to or participation in the Services, it has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with the Terms and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements.

2. **The Protocols**

The Protocols are not part of the Services, and your use of the Protocols is entirely at your own risk. Additionally, the third-party technologies required to be used or interacted with in order to interact with the Protocols, including but not limited to a Wallet (collectively the “Third-Party Tools”), are not part of the Services, and your use of such Third-Party Tools are entirely at your own risk. You agree that we make no representations and warranties with respect to the Protocols and Third-Party Tools. Please refer to Section 15 (Disclaimers) and Section 17 (Assumption of Risk) sections below for a comprehensive description of the risks, limitations, and disclaimers associated with your use of and interaction with the Protocols.
 
a. The Protocols may (i) allow users ("**Stakers**") to stake their digital assets or opt-in to programmatic conditions on the withdrawal of Ether (ETH) deposited in Ethereum’s staking contract ("**Staked Assets**") in support of computational work performed directly for selected autonomously verified services ("**AVSs**"); (ii) allow Stakers to elect to delegate certain or all computational work to third-party operators ("**Operators**"), which opt in to provide various validation and security services, including data availability services, to one or more AVSs; (iii) allow third-party AVS providers ("**AVS Providers**") to utilize Staked Assets to access validation and security services performed by Operators; and (iv) allow users to access data availability services and verify whether an AVS ran a computation correctly.

b. Operators may opt in to provide various validation and security services to one or more AVSs, including third-party AVSs and first party primitives such as EigenDA Service and EigenVerify Service. By opting in to secure an AVS, the Operator agrees to be subject to the technical parameters, operating requirements, and rewards structure defined by the AVS Provider for that AVS ("**AVS Conditions**"). These may include, without limitation, reward structures, minimum uptime thresholds, performance benchmarks, penalties for violations of AVS Conditions, hardware and software requirements. AVS Conditions are determined independently by each AVS Provider and enforced by the Protocol.

c. The AVS Conditions applicable to Operators supporting the EigenDA and EigenVerify services are determined by the Company and enforced by the Protocol. From time to time, Company may establish, modify, or publish AVS Conditions applicable to Operators who have opted in to secure the EigenDA or EigenVerify services ("**Cloud AVS Conditions**"). By opting in to secure the EigenDA or EigenVerify services, the Operator agrees to be bound by the Cloud AVS Conditions, as updated from time to time.  Additional technical and performance obligations for EigenDA Operators are currently available at: docs.eigencloud.xyz/products/eigenda/operator-guides/requirements/protocol-SLA. Penalties for violation of AVS Conditions and/or Cloud AVS Conditions are enforced by the Protocol and may include ejection of the Operator from the Operator Set, forfeiture of rewards or reduced compensation.

d. Stakers may be eligible to receive rewards ("**Staking Rewards**") in connection with their delegation of Staked Assets to one or more AVSs. By opting in and delegating Staked Assets to an AVS, the Staker agrees to be bound by the conditions defined by the AVS Provider, including any Slashing Conditions and Redistribution Conditions. The amount, denomination, and conditions for receiving the Staking Rewards are defined solely by the applicable AVS Provider and implemented through the Protocol.

e. The Protocols enable the enforcement of certain slashing conditions by allowing AVS Providers to define rules under which a portion or all of a Staker’s Staked Assets may be slashed in response to misbehavior or failure to meet specified service obligations ("**Slashing**"). Slashing is an optional feature that may be enabled by the AVS Provider and is executed autonomously through the Protocol’s on-chain mechanisms ("**Slashing Protocol**"), subject to the technical parameters and Slashing conditions defined and implemented by the AVS Provider ("**Slashing Conditions**").

f. "**Redistribution**" is a Protocol functionality that enables an AVS to route slashed digital assets in accordance with Slashing Conditions defined by the AVS Provider, which may include routing the slashed digital assets to specified addresses. Redistribution is an optional feature that may be enabled by the AVS Provider and is executed through the Protocol’s on-chain mechanisms ("**Redistribution Protocol**"), subject to the technical parameters and Redistribution conditions defined by the AVS Provider ("**Redistribution Conditions**").

g. Certain Services, including the EigenDA and EigenVerify services, may benefit from EIGEN staking and the EIGEN’s novel token design, which decouples the general-purpose utility of the unstaked ERC-20 EIGEN token from its forking and social-accountability properties enabled by its staked representation, the bEIGEN token. The bEIGEN functions as an opt-in representation of staked EIGEN, carrying slashing risks associated with computational work and subject to forking in the event of intersubjective agreement on a fault ("**Forking Event**"). This is accomplished through a combination of social consensus and the Protocol’s on-chain mechanisms ("**Forking Protocol**"). In the event that a majority of Operators securing the EigenDA or EigenVerify services act maliciously ("**Malicious Operator**"), for example, anyone may attempt to initiate a Forking Event. The Forking Event may result in the permanent burning, forfeiture, or loss of Staked Assets.

h. We do not control all activity and data on the Protocols, nor do we take possession, custody or control over any digital assets on the Protocol (other than such assets that we hold or custody for ourselves or for third parties that have specifically authorized us to hold or custody such assets on their behalf, and that in each case are transaction in via the Protocol).

3. **Who May Use the Services**

a. You must be 18 years of age or older and not be a Prohibited Person to use the Services. A "**Prohibited Person**" is any person or entity that is (a) listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties, including without limitation the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person's List or Entity List, (b) located or organized in any U.S. embargoed countries or region any country or region that has been designated by the U.S. Government as "terrorist supporting", or (c) owned or controlled by such persons or entities listed in (a)-(b). You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for complying with all applicable laws of the jurisdiction you are located or accessing the Services from in connection with your use of the Services. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you meet these requirements and will not be using the Services for any illegal activity or to engage in activities prohibited by these Terms.

b. To use certain Services, you may need to create an account or link another account ("**Account**"). You agree to provide us with accurate, complete and updated information for your Account. You are solely responsible for any activity on your Account and maintaining the confidentiality and security of your password. We are not liable for any acts or omissions by you in connection with your Account. You must immediately notify us at notices@eigenlabs.org if you know or have any reason to suspect that your Account or password have been stolen, misappropriated or otherwise compromised, or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Account. You agree not to create any Account if we have previously removed yours, or we previously banned you from any of our Services, unless we provide written consent otherwise.

c. We may require you to provide additional information and documents regarding your use of the Services, including at the request of any competent authority or in case of application of any applicable law or regulation, including laws related to anti-money laundering or for counteracting financing of terrorism. We may also require you to provide additional information or documents in cases where we have reason to believe: (i) that your Wallet is or has been used for illegal money laundering or for any other illegal activity or activity we determine may present a heightened risk to the Company or any user of the Services; (ii) you have concealed or reported false identification information or other details; or (iii) you are a Prohibited Person. You agree that if it is determined in our sole discretion that you may be violating this Section or engaging in any activities prohibited in these Terms, we may disable your ability to use the Services including the App, which may include but is not limited to preventing you from restaking assets or withdrawing previously Staked Assets.

4. **Fees**

The Company may charge or pass through fees for some or part of the Services we make available to you, including transaction or processing fees, blockchain gas or similar network fees. We will disclose the amount of fees we will charge or pass through to you for the applicable Service at the time you access, use or otherwise transact with the Services. Although we will attempt to provide accurate fee information, any such information reflects our estimate of fees, which may vary from the fees actually paid to use the Services and interact with the applicable blockchain with which the Services are compatible. Additionally, your external Wallet provider may impose a fee to transact on the Services. We are not responsible for any fees charged by a third party. All transactions processed through the Services are non-refundable.

Fees are exclusive of all taxes. You will be responsible for paying any and all applicable national, state and local sales, use, excise, ad valorem, value-added, services, consumption, and other taxes and duties imposed in connection with its use of the Service. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Company harmless from any liability or expense resulting from your failure to pay any such applicable taxes.

In certain cases, your transactions through the Services may not be successful due to an error with the blockchain or the Wallet. We accept no responsibility or liability to you for any such failed transactions, or any transaction or gas fees that may be incurred by you in connection with such failed transactions. You acknowledge and agree that all information you provide with respect to transactions on the Services, including, without limitation, credit card, bank account, PayPal or other payment information is accurate, current and complete, and you have the legal right to use such payment method.

5. **The Testnet**

a. Purpose and Participation. The Testnet is designed to demonstrate the functionality and features of the Apps (or any portion thereof) and to improve participant experiences prior to the Apps’ launch. YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE TESTNET IS ENTIRELY VOLUNTARY, BUT IF YOU ARE PARTICIPATING IN THE TESTNET, YOU MUST STRICTLY ADHERE TO THESE TERMS. We make no representation or warranty that the Testnet will accurately or completely simulate, duplicate or replicate the App.

b. Duration. The availability of the Testnet will commence on the date prescribed by the Company and continue until terminated by the Company in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding any other information provided by the Company regarding the Testnet (including on the Websites, blog posts or through other communications (such as forums, Telegram, Github, Discord, or other channels)), the Company may change, discontinue, or terminate, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of the Testnet, at any time and without notice, at its sole discretion (including prior to providing any incentives or rewards). The Company may retain control or upgradeability over certain aspects of the Testnet that will not be retained on the mainnet.

c. The Testnet Eligibility. Your participation in the Testnet (or any portion thereof) may be subject to eligibility criteria determined by the Company in its sole discretion (including, without limitation, geographical distribution and applicant reputation). By applying or registering, there is no promise or guarantee that you will be able to participate in the Testnet. Notwithstanding any other information provided by the Company regarding the Testnet (including on the Websites, blog posts or through other communications (such as forums, Telegram, Github, Discord, or other channels)), the Company may change or modify at any time the number of participants eligible to participate in the Testnet or the requirements of the Testnet and terminate any participant's participation in the Testnet at any time. The Testnet may operate in certain phases. Your selection or participation in any one phase of the Testnet does not imply that you will be selected for any other phases of the Testnet. The Company reserves the right to block your access to the Testnet at any time in its sole discretion.

d. No Monetary Value. In your use of the Testnet, you may interact with or transfer certain cryptocurrencies or other digital assets on the Testnet ("Testnet Tokens"), such as Testnet Tokens obtained through a faucet. Testnet Tokens are not, and shall never convert to or accrue to become any other tokens or virtual assets. Testnet Tokens are virtual items with no monetary value. Testnet Tokens do not constitute any currency or property of any type and are not redeemable, refundable, or eligible for any fiat or digital currency or anything else of value. Testnet Tokens are not transferable between users outside of the Testnet, and you may not attempt to sell, trade, or transfer any Testnet Tokens outside of the Testnet, or obtain any manner of credit using any Testnet Tokens. Any attempt to sell, trade, or transfer any Testnet Tokens outside of the Testnet will be null and void. Testnet Tokens will not be converted into any future rewards offered by the Company. Any ETH, ERC-20 tokens transferred to a Testnet address will be irretrievable and permanently lost. The Company is not responsible for any such loss.

6. **Location of Our Privacy Policy**

Our Privacy Policy describes how we handle the information you provide to us when you use the Services. For an explanation of our privacy practices, please visit our [Privacy Policy here](https://docs.eigencloud.xyz/products/eigenlayer/legal/privacy-policy).

7. **Rights We Grant You**

The Services may display, include or make available documentation, blog posts and other descriptions or materials related to the Protocols and Apps, such as at docs.eigencloud.xyz  (collectively, "**Documentation**"). The Documentation is part of the Services.

8. **Right to Use Services**

We hereby permit you to use the Services for your internal use only, provided that you comply with these Terms in connection with all such use. If any software, content or other materials owned or controlled by us are distributed to you as part of your use of the Services, we hereby grant you, a personal, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, non-transferrable, and non-exclusive right and license to access and display such software, content and materials provided to you as part of the Services, in each case for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Services as permitted by these Terms. Your access and use of the Services may be interrupted from time to time for any of several reasons, including, without limitation, the malfunction of equipment, periodic updating, maintenance or repair of the Service or other actions that Company, in its sole discretion, may elect to take. Certain elements of the Protocols, including the underlying smart contracts, are made available under an open-source or source-available license (e.g., at https://github.com/Layr-Labs and https://github.com/eigenfoundation), and these Terms do not override or supersede the terms of those licenses.

9. **Right to Use Our APIs**

Subject to these Terms, we hereby grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, worldwide, revocable right and license to use our APIs for the limited purposes set forth in the documentation for the Services. Your use of our APIs must comply with the technical documentation, usage guidelines, call volume limits, and other documentation maintained at https://docs.eigencloud.xyz/ or such other location we may designate from time to time. We may terminate your right to use the API from time to time at any time.

10. **Restrictions On Your Use of the Services**

You may not do any of the following in connection with your use of the Services, unless applicable laws or regulations prohibit these restrictions or you have our written permission to do so:

a. engage in any behavior that constitutes fraud, dishonesty, collusion, censorship, denial of service, data withholding, or any other malicious or abusive activity, including conduct that may lead to Slashing events, Forking Events, or prevent or impair third parties’ ability to use the Services;

b. download, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale any information contained on, or obtained from or through, the Services, except for temporary files that are automatically cached by your web browser for display purposes, or as otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms;

c. duplicate, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or decode the Services (including any underlying idea or algorithm), or attempt to do any of the same;

d. use, reproduce or remove any copyright, trademark, service mark, trade name, slogan, logo, image, or other proprietary notation displayed on or through the Services;

e. use automation software (bots), hacks, modifications (mods) or any other unauthorized third-party software designed to modify the Services;

f. exploit the Services for any commercial purpose, including without limitation communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation;

g. access or use the Services in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, disrupt or impair the Services or interfere with any other party's access to or use of the Services or use any device, software or routine that causes the same;

h. attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt the Services, accounts registered to other users, or the computer systems, wallets, accounts, protocols or networks connected to the Services;

i. circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any technological measure or content protections of the Services or the computer systems, wallets, accounts, protocols or networks connected to the Services;

j. use any robot, spider, crawlers or other automatic device, process, software or queries that intercepts, "mines," scrapes or otherwise accesses the Services to monitor, extract, copy or collect information or data from or through the Services, or engage in any manual process to do the same;

k. introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other materials that are malicious or technologically harmful into our systems;

l. submit, transmit, display, perform, post or store any content that is inaccurate, unlawful, defamatory, obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, pornographic, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, harassing, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, harmful, hateful, cruel or insensitive, deceptive, or otherwise objectionable, use the Services for illegal, harassing, bullying, unethical or disruptive purposes, or otherwise use the Services in a manner that is obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, harmful, hateful, cruel or insensitive, deceptive, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, pornographic, inciting, organizing, promoting or facilitating violence or criminal or harmful activities, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable;

m. violate any applicable law or regulation in connection with your access to or use of the Services; or

n. access or use the Services in any way not expressly permitted by these Terms.

11. **Beta Services** 

From time to time, we may, in our sole discretion, include certain test or beta features or products in the Services ("**Beta Services**") as we may designate from time to time. Your use of any Beta Services is completely voluntary. The Beta Services are provided on an “as is” basis and may contain errors, defects, bugs, or inaccuracies that could cause failures, corruption or loss of data and information from any connected device. You acknowledge and agree that all use of any Beta Service is at your sole risk.  You agree that once you use a Beta Service, your content or data may be affected such that you may be unable to revert back to a prior non-beta version of the same or similar feature. Additionally, if such reversion is possible, you may not be able to return or restore data created within the Beta Service back to the prior non-beta version. If we provide you any Beta Service on a closed beta or confidential basis, we will notify you of such as part of your use of the Beta Services. For any such confidential Beta Services, you agree to not disclose, divulge, display, or otherwise make available any of the Beta Services. without our prior written consent.

12. **Interactions with Other Users on the Services**

You are responsible for your interactions with other users on or through the Services. While we reserve the right to monitor interactions between users, we are not obligated to do so, and we cannot be held liable for your interactions with other users, or for any user's actions or inactions. If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. In entering into this release you expressly waive any protections (whether statutory or otherwise) that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.

13. **Ownership and Content**

a. Ownership of the Services. The Services, including their "look and feel" (e.g., text, graphics, images, logos), proprietary content, information and other materials, are protected under copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. You agree that the Company and/or its licensors own all right, title and interest in and to the Services (including any and all intellectual property rights therein) and you agree not to take any action(s) inconsistent with such ownership interests. We and our licensors reserve all rights in connection with the Services and its content, including, without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works.

b. Ownership of Trademarks. The Company's name, trademarks and logos and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of the Company or its affiliates or licensors. Other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans that appear on the Services are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us.

c. Ownership of Feedback. We welcome feedback, bug reports, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services ("**Feedback**"). You acknowledge and expressly agree that any contribution of Feedback does not and will not give or grant you any right, title or interest in the Services or in any such Feedback. All Feedback becomes the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and the Company may use and disclose Feedback in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever without further notice or compensation to you and without retention by you of any proprietary or other right or claim. You hereby assign to the Company any and all right, title and interest (including, but not limited to, any patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark, show-how, know-how, moral rights and any and all other intellectual property right) that you may have in and to any and all Feedback.

d. Your Content License Grant. In connection with your use of the Services, you may be able to post, upload, or submit content to be made available through the Services ("**Your Content**"). In order to operate the Service, we must obtain from you certain license rights in Your Content so that actions we take in operating the Service are not considered legal violations. Accordingly, by using the Service and uploading Your Content, you grant us a license to access, use, host, cache, store, reproduce, transmit, display, publish, distribute, and modify (for technical purposes, e.g., making sure content is viewable on smartphones as well as computers and other devices) Your Content but solely as required to be able to operate, improve and provide the Services. You agree that these rights and licenses are royalty free, transferable, sub-licensable, worldwide and irrevocable (for so long as Your Content is stored with us), and include a right for us to make Your Content available to, and pass these rights along to, others with whom we have contractual relationships related to the provision of the Services, solely for the purpose of providing such Services, and to otherwise permit access to or disclose Your Content to third parties if we determine such access is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. As part of the foregoing license grant you agree that the other users of the Services shall have the right to comment on and/or tag Your Content and/or to use, publish, display, modify or include a copy of Your Content as part of their own use of the Services; except that the foregoing shall not apply to any of Your Content that you post privately for non-public display on the Services. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen, edit, or delete any of Your Content at any time, for any reason, and without notice. By posting or submitting Your Content through the Services, you represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for Your Content. You agree that Your Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have the necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant us the license described above.

e. Notice of Infringement -- DMCA (Copyright) Policy.

If you believe that any text, graphics, photos, audio, videos or other materials or works uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services have been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may submit a notification to our copyright agent in accordance with 17 USC 512(c) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA"), by providing the following information in writing:

   i. identification of the copyrighted work that is claimed to be infringed;

  ii. identification of the allegedly infringing material that is requested to be removed, including a description of where it is located on the Service;

 iii. information for our copyright agent to contact you, such as an address, telephone number and e-mail address;

  iv. a statement that you have a good faith belief that the identified, allegedly infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owners, its agent or the law;

   v. a statement that the information above is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or the authorized person to act on behalf of the copyright owner; and

  vi. the physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent by mail to: Eigen Labs, Inc., Attn: Legal, 15790 Redmond Way #1176 Redmond, WA 98052 ; or by e-mail to notices@eigenlabs.org. It is our policy, in appropriate circumstances and at our discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property rights of others.

A user of the Services who has uploaded or posted materials identified as infringing as described above may supply a counter-notification pursuant to sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. When we receive a counter-notification, we may reinstate the posts or material in question, in our sole discretion. To file a counter-notification with us, you must provide a written communication (by fax or regular mail or by email) that sets forth all of the items required by sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Please note that you will be liable for damages if you materially misrepresent that content or an activity is not infringing the copyrights of others.

14. **Third Party Services and Materials**

The Services may allow you to browse the availability of certain (i) AVSs, (ii) Operators that offer to run certain AVSs in connection with your Staked Assets and/or (iii) other services or products developed or run by third parties (such as Third-Party Tools) displayed on the Services, including the Apps ("**Third-Party Services**") and may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or materials from third parties ("**Third-Party Materials**") or provide links to certain third party websites. For clarity, the Third-Party Subdomains are each a Third-Party Service and the content, data, information, applications or materials therein are Third-Party Materials. The Company does not endorse or recommend any Third-Party Materials, the use of any provider of any Third-Party Services, or the staking, use, or delegation of any digital assets with respect to any Third-Party Services. You agree that your access and use of such Third-Party Services and Third-Party Materials is governed solely by the terms and conditions of such Third-Party Services and Third-Party Materials, as applicable. The Company is not responsible or liable for, and make no representations as to any aspect of such Third-Party Materials and Third-Party Services, including, without limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle, protect, manage or process data or any interaction between you and the provider of such Third-Party Services. The Company is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, availability, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality, security or any other aspect of such Third-Party Services or Third-Party Materials or websites. You irrevocably waive any claim against the Company with respect to such Third-Party Services and Third-Party Materials. We are not liable for and you expressly disclaim any liability with respect to any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your enablement, access or use of any such Third-Party Services or Third-Party Materials, or your reliance on the privacy practices, data security processes or other policies of such Third-Party Services, including without limitation, the delegation of any assets to any Third-Party Service or the staking of any assets with any Third-Party Service that results in slashing or any other loss of funds or the integration of any Third-Party Service such as an AVS into your product or service that results in any damages whatsoever. Third-Party Services, Third-Party Materials and links to other websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. Certain Third-Party Services or Third-Party Materials may automatically populate on the Company’s Services. The Company reserves the right to remove any Third-Party Services or Third-Party Materials from the Services, including without limitation, any AVSs or operators for any reason whatsoever.

15. **Disclaimers**

Your access to and use of the Services and any Protocols are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners and licensors (the "**Company Entities**") and MultiSig Committee Members (as defined below) DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES RELATING TO TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, USAGE, QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, SUITABILITY OR FITNESS OF THE SERVICES AND THE PROTOCOLS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, QUALITY, SEQUENCE, RELIABILITY, WORKMANSHIP OR TECHNICAL CODING THEREOF, OR THE ABSENCE OF ANY DEFECTS THEREIN WHETHER LATENT OR PATENT.

The Company Entities and MultiSig Committee Members ("**Covered Parties**") make no warranty or representation and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (a) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services, and the Protocols; (b) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or the Protocols; (c) the operation or compatibility with any other application or any particular system or device, including any Wallets; (d) whether the Services or the Protocols will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure or error-free basis; (e) whether the Services or the Protocols will protect your assets from theft, hacking, cyber attack or other form of loss caused by third-party conduct; (f) loss of funds or value resulting from intentional or unintentional Slashing event, Redistribution event or Forking Event, and (g) the deletion of, or the failure to store or transmit Your Content and other communications maintained by the Services. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from any of the Covered Parties or through the Services, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein. You should not rely on the Services, for advice of any kind, including legal, tax, investment, financial or other professional advice.

With the exception of the EigenDA Protocol, the Covered Parties have no control over the Protocols. The Covered Parties do not guarantee the availability, amount, timing, or distribution of any Staking Rewards, and disclaims all responsibility and liability for the allocation or non-allocation of such rewards.

The Covered Parties have no control over the third party AVS Providers, or Slashing Conditions or Redistribution Conditions defined by the third-party AVS Providers. The Covered Parties do not initiate, control or influence any Slashing or Redistribution event. The Covered Parties disclaim all responsibility and liability for any loss of Staked Assets resulting from any Slashing event, Redistribution event or the absence of failure for a Redistribution event to occur.  

The Covered Parties do not define or monitor the AVS Conditions imposed by AVS Providers. The Covered Parties disclaim all responsibility and liability for any consequences arising from an Operator’s violation of AVS Conditions, including the Cloud AVS Conditions. Operators are responsible for understanding, implementing and maintaining compliance with the applicable AVS Conditions for each AVS it chooses to secure and assumes all risk associated with its decision to opt in any AVS.  

The Covered Parties have no control over the actions or inactions of an Operator or Stakers and disclaims all responsibility and liability for any activity by an Operator and Staker, and any direct or indirect consequences that may follow, including but not limited to, breach of AVS Conditions or Cloud AVS Conditions leading to a Slashing event, Redistribution events, Forking Events, Stakers revoking delegation of their Staked Assets, service disruptions, inability to access data, loss of digital assets, and other disruptions to downstream services or integrations.

The Covered Parties do not approve or control Forking Events and disclaims all responsibility and liability for any consequences associated with a Forking Event, including but not limited to loss of funds, degraded performance of the Services, reputational harm, market volatility, loss in value of EIGEN, reduced EIGEN liquidity, divergent protocol states, or third-party exchange actions such as suspension or delisting.

The EigenDA Network is composed of decentralized components that operate independently and outside the control of the Covered Parties. The Covered Parties do not control or direct the behavior of these participants and make no representations regarding their reliability, continuity, or compliance. The Covered Parties do not guarantee the continued availability or recoverability of any data submitted to the EigenDA Network or the EigenDA Service.

The Covered Parties further disclaim all responsibility and liability for any risks involved with the EigenDA Network, including without limitation, malicious behavior by participants of the Operator Set, Stakers revoking delegation of their Staked Assets, data withholding, data corruption, delayed availability, or unauthorized use of submitted data. The Covered Parties further disclaim all responsibility and liability for any data loss, data corruption, or unavailability of data resulting from reliance on the EigenDA Network or EigenDA Service.

16. **LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL ANY OF THE COVERED PARTIES BE LIABLE (A) FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES), HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER UNDER THESE TERMS OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN ANY WAY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES OR THESE TERMS AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) EVEN IF ANY OF THE COVERED PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, OR (B) FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM, DEMAND OR DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR THE DELIVERY, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES. THE COVERED PARTIES’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES FINALLY AWARDED SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00) RESPECTIVELY.**

    **SOME JURISDICTIONS (SUCH AS THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY) DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.**

17. **Assumption of Risks**

    _General Risks_
    
a. By using the Services, you represent that you have sufficient knowledge and experience in business and financial matters, including a sufficient understanding of blockchain or cryptographic tokens and technologies and other digital assets, storage mechanisms (such as Wallets), blockchain-based software systems, and blockchain technology, to be able to assess and evaluate the risks and benefits of the Services contemplated hereunder, and will bear the risks thereof, including loss of all amounts paid, and the risk that the tokens may have little or no value. You acknowledge and agree that there are risks associated with purchasing and holding cryptocurrency, using blockchain technology and staking cryptocurrency. These include, but are not limited to, risk of losing access to cryptocurrency due to Slashing, Forking or Redistribution, loss of private key(s), acts or omissions by Operators or AVS Providers, custodial error or purchaser error, risk of mining or blockchain attacks, risk of hacking and security weaknesses, risk of unfavorable regulatory intervention in one or more jurisdictions, risk related to token taxation, risk of personal information disclosure, risk of uninsured losses, volatility risks, and unanticipated risks. You acknowledge that digital assets and cryptocurrencies are not (i) deposits of or guaranteed by a bank (ii) insured by the FDIC or by any other governmental agency and (iii) that we do not custody and cannot transfer any cryptocurrency or digital assets you may interact with on the Services or Protocols. 

b. There are certain multi-signature crypto wallets (the "**MultiSigs**", and the signatories to such MultiSigs, the "**MultiSig Committee Members**") that have certain controls related to one or more of the Protocols, that may include, but are not limited to, the ability to pause certain functionality of the Protocols, reverse or pause slashing, implement or influence upgrades to the Protocols (or any aspect thereof) and certain other controls of the functionality of the Protocols as described in the documentation or in public communications made by us. Certain MultiSigs may be controlled by us and/or MultiSig Committee Members that are employed or engaged by us, and certain other MultiSigs will be controlled partially or entirely by MultiSig Committee Members that are unaffiliated third parties over which we have no or limited control. We will not be able to control the actions of such MultiSig Committee Members if they are not employed or engaged by us and thus certain MultiSigs will be outside of our control.
    
c. The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies and other digital assets is uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect the potential utility or value of such cryptocurrencies and digital assets. There also exists the risks of new taxation of the purchase or sale of cryptocurrencies and other digital assets.
    
d. We cannot control how third-party exchange platforms quote or value cryptocurrencies and other digital assets and we expressly deny and disclaim any liability to you and deny any obligations to indemnify or hold you harmless for any losses you may incur as a result of a Forking Event or fluctuations in the value of cryptocurrencies or other digital assets.
    
e. Smart contracts execute automatically when certain conditions are met. Since smart contracts typically cannot be stopped or reversed, vulnerabilities in their programming and design or other vulnerabilities that may arise due to hacking or other security incidents can have adverse effects to Staked Assets, including but not limited to significant volatility and risk of loss.
    
f. The Protocols are not part of the Services. You are responsible for understanding the Protocols, including their operating rules, any Slashing Conditions or  Redistribution Conditions imposed by AVSs, and how they all operate. You agree that we are not responsible and will not be liable to you for any losses that result from the operation of the Protocol. For example, certain protocols and networks subject Staked Assets to Slashing, Redistribution and/or Forking upon certain conditions, including, but not limited to, if a validator or Operator engages in harmful or malicious behavior, fails to perform their role as a validator or operator properly, or incorrectly validates a transaction. In addition, data made available to protocols may be automatically deleted on a periodic basis based on the protocol’s programming. We expressly deny and disclaim any liability to you and deny any obligations to indemnify or hold you harmless for any losses you may incur as a result of the operation of the Protocols, including slashing, redistribution and forking and deletion of data.
    
g. Certain protocols and networks require that a certain amount of staked assets be locked for a certain period of time while staking, and withdrawal of Staked Assets may be delayed. We do not guarantee the security or functionality of any third-party protocol, software or technology intended to be compatible with Staked Assets.
    
h. You acknowledge that there are inherent risks associated with using or interacting with Protocols and blockchain technology. There is no guarantee that such Protocols or technology will be unavailable or subject to errors, hacking or other security risks. Underlying Protocols may also be subject to sudden changes in operating rules, including Forking Events, and it is your responsibility to make yourself aware of upcoming operating changes.
 
_Service and Protocol Related Risks_

a. Operators. By opting in to support an AVS, the Operator acknowledges and accepts that participation is subject to the AVS Conditions imposed by the AVS Provider or the Cloud AVS Conditions imposed by the EigenDA or EigenVerify services, as applicable. The Operator further acknowledges that a failure to comply with applicable AVS Conditions may result in consequences such as forfeiture of rewards, ejection or removal from the Operator Set, reputational harm, or, in the case where the Operator has also staked their digital assets, partial or total slashing of such assets.

b. Staking. The Staker acknowledges and accepts that Staking on the EigenLayer Protocol may involve significant risks, including the potential loss of all or part of the Staker’s Staked Assets. These risks may arise from the behavior of Operators and AVS Providers, applicable AVS Conditions, Cloud AVS Conditions, Slashing Conditions or Redistribution Conditions defined and implemented by the AVS provider, Forking Events, smart contract vulnerabilities, or the unavailability or failure of the underlying infrastructure, including the Ethereum network. Stakers are solely responsible for evaluating the applicable AVS Conditions, Cloud AVS Conditions, Slashing Conditions, Redistribution Conditions and the technical design of any AVS chosen by the Staker to delegate their Staked Assets to.

c. Slashing. By delegating Staked Assets to an AVS that has enabled Slashing, the Staker acknowledges and agrees that such participation may result in partial or total loss of the Staker’s Staked Assets through Slashing. Slashing events are enforced autonomously by the Slashing Protocol in accordance with the Slashing Conditions defined by the relevant AVS Provider, which may include Operator misbehavior, liveness failures, or failure to meet service-level criteria. With the exception of the EigenDA and EigenVerify services, Slashing Conditions are determined solely by the applicable AVS Provider and are not controlled or reviewed by the Company. Stakers are solely responsible for understanding and evaluating the Slashing Conditions and associated risks of any AVS chosen by the Staker to participate in, including the EigenDA and EigenVerify services.

d. Redistribution. By delegating Staked Assets to an AVS that has enabled Redistribution, the Staker acknowledges and accepts the Redistribution Conditions defined by the AVS Provider and any associated Redistribution risks. The Staker further acknowledges and agrees that Redistribution is not guaranteed to occur, eligibility for Redistribution does not ensure receipt of any digital assets, and the mechanics of Redistribution are determined solely by the relevant AVS Provider and enforced through the Protocol. The Staker further acknowledges that Staked Assets may be permanently lost due to protocol bugs or errors in the Redistribution process.

e. EigenDA. You acknowledge and agree that the EigenDA Service is not intended to serve as a permanent storage solution. All data submitted to the EigenDA Service is subject to automatic and irreversible deletion after a period of fourteen (14) days. You are solely responsible for maintaining independent backups of any data submitted to the EigenDA Service. You must not rely on the EigenDA Service as your sole or long-term data storage mechanism. You further acknowledge and agree that Operators may fail to store or make available the data as expected, and that such behavior may not be detectable or reversible by the Company. Reliance on the EigenDA Service for data availability may expose your application, AVS or rollup to material risks, including but not limited to the data loss, data corruption, or unavailability of critical data. Such issues may impair transaction finality, user access, or fraud-proof mechanisms, and may result in total or partial loss of funds held or transacted by your application, AVS, or rollup.

f. Forking. You acknowledge and accept that Forking Events may be triggered autonomously by other participants of the Protocol without Company oversight, and are governed by the logic of the Forking Protocol. You further acknowledge and accept that Forking Events are governed entirely by protocol-level mechanisms and may occur without any Company oversight, intervention, or reversibility. You assume all risks associated with such Forking Events and their consequences.

18. **Indemnification**. By entering into these Terms and accessing or using the Services, you agree that you shall defend, indemnify and hold the Covered Parties harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred by the Covered Parties arising out of or in connection with: (a) your violation or breach of any term of these Terms or any applicable law or regulation; (b) your violation of any rights of any third party; (c) your misuse of the Services; or (d) your negligence or wilful misconduct; or (e) your Content. If you are obligated to indemnify any Covered Parties hereunder, then you agree that the Company (or, at its discretion, the applicable Company Entity) or MultiSig Committee Members, as applicable, will have the right, in its sole discretion, to control any action or proceeding and to determine whether the Company or MultiSig Committee Member, as applicable, wishes to settle, and if so, on what terms, and you agree to fully cooperate with the Company or MultiSig Committee Members in the defense or settlement of such claim.

19. **Third Party Beneficiaries**. You and the Company acknowledge and agree that the Company Entities (other than the Company) and the MultiSig Committee Members are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, including under Section 15, 16, 17 and 20.

20. **ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER**

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY -- IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIMS. IT CONTAINS PROCEDURES FOR MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.

Informal Process First. You and the Company agree that in the event of any dispute between you and the Company Entities or the MultiSig Committee Members, either party will first contact the other party and make a good faith sustained effort to resolve the dispute before resorting to more formal means of resolution, including without limitation, any court action, after first allowing the receiving party 30 days in which to respond. Both you and the Company agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent which must be satisfied before initiating any arbitration against you, any Company Entity or any MultiSig Committee Members, as applicable.

Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver. After the informal dispute resolution process, any remaining dispute, controversy, or claim (collectively, "**Claim**") relating in any way to the Services, including the App, any use or access or lack of access thereto, and any other usage of the Protocols even if interacted with outside of the Services or App, will be resolved by arbitration, including threshold questions of arbitrability of the Claim. You and the Company agree that any Claim will be settled by final and binding arbitration, using the English language, administered by JAMS under its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the "**JAMS Rules**") then in effect (those rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this section, and as of the date of these Terms). Because your contract with the Company, these Terms, and this Arbitration Agreement concern interstate commerce, the Federal Arbitration Act ("**FAA**") governs the arbitrability of all disputes. However, the arbitrator will apply applicable substantive law consistent with the FAA and the applicable statute of limitations or condition precedent to suit. Arbitration will be handled by a sole arbitrator in accordance with the JAMS Rules. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court that has jurisdiction. Any arbitration under these Terms will take place on an individual basis -- class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. You understand that by agreeing to these Terms, you and the Company are each waiving the right to trial by jury or to participate in a class action or class arbitration.

Batch Arbitration. To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution of arbitrations, you and the Company agree that in the event that there are one-hundred (100) or more individual Claims of a substantially similar nature filed against the Company by or with the assistance of the same law firm, group of law firms, or organizations, then within a thirty (30) day period (or as soon as possible thereafter), JAMS shall (1) administer the arbitration demands in batches of 100 Claims per batch (plus, to the extent there are less than 100 Claims left over after the batching described above, a final batch consisting of the remaining Claims); (2) appoint one arbitrator for each batch; and (3) provide for the resolution of each batch as a single consolidated arbitration with one set of filing and administrative fees due per side per batch, one procedural calendar, one hearing (if any) in a place to be determined by the arbitrator, and one final award ("**Batch Arbitration**"). All parties agree that Claims are of a “substantially similar nature” if they arise out of or relate to the same event or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issues and seek the same or similar relief. To the extent the parties disagree on the application of the Batch Arbitration process, the disagreeing party shall advise JAMS, and JAMS shall appoint a sole standing arbitrator to determine the applicability of the Batch Arbitration process ("**Administrative Arbitrator**"). In an effort to expedite resolution of any such dispute by the Administrative Arbitrator, the parties agree the Administrative Arbitrator may set forth such procedures as are necessary to resolve any disputes promptly. The Administrative Arbitrator’s fees shall be paid by the Company. You and the Company agree to cooperate in good faith with JAMS to implement the Batch Arbitration process including the payment of single filing and administrative fees for batches of Claims, as well as any steps to minimize the time and costs of arbitration, which may include: (1) the appointment of a discovery special master to assist the arbitrator in the resolution of discovery disputes; and (2) the adoption of an expedited calendar of the arbitration proceedings. This Batch Arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing a class, collective and/or mass arbitration or action of any kind, or arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims under any circumstances, except as expressly set forth in this provision.

Exceptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you and the Company agree that the following types of disputes will be resolved in a court of proper jurisdiction: (i) disputes or claims within the jurisdiction of a small claims court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply, as long as it is brought and maintained as an individual dispute and not as a class, representative, or consolidated action or proceeding; (ii) disputes or claims where the sole form of relief sought is injunctive relief (including public injunctive relief); or (iii) intellectual property disputes.

Costs of Arbitration. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator costs and expenses will be governed by the JAMS Rules, except that if you demonstrate that any such costs and expenses owed by you under those rules would be prohibitively more expensive than a court proceeding, the Company will pay the amount of any such costs and expenses that the arbitrator determines are necessary to prevent the arbitration from being prohibitively more expensive than a court proceeding (subject to possible reimbursement as set forth below).

Fees and costs may be awarded as provided pursuant to applicable law. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the JAMS rules. In that case, you agree to reimburse the Company for all monies previously disbursed by it that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the applicable rules. If you prevail in the arbitration and are awarded an amount that is less than the last written settlement amount offered by the Company before the arbitrator was appointed, the Company will pay you the amount it offered in settlement. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within fourteen (14) days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits.

**Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the arbitration provisions set forth in these Terms by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out to notices@eigenlabs.org. The notice must be sent to the Company within thirty (30) days of your first registering to use the Services or agreeing to these Terms; otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes on a non-class basis in accordance with these Terms. If you opt out of only the arbitration provisions, and not also the class action waiver, the class action waiver still applies. You may not opt out of only the class action waiver and not also the arbitration provisions. If you opt-out of these arbitration provisions, the Company also will not be bound by them.**

WAIVER OF RIGHT TO BRING CLASS ACTION AND REPRESENTATIVE CLAIMS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND THE COMPANY EACH AGREE THAT ANY PROCEEDING TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY WILL BE BROUGHT AND CONDUCTED ONLY IN THE RESPECTIVE PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS PART OF ANY CLASS (OR PURPORTED CLASS), CONSOLIDATED, MULTIPLE-PLAINTIFF, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING ("CLASS ACTION"). YOU AND THE COMPANY AGREE TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS ACTION. YOU AND THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY ABILITY TO MAINTAIN A CLASS ACTION IN ANY FORUM. IF THE DISPUTE IS SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION, THE ARBITRATOR WILL NOT HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO COMBINE OR AGGREGATE CLAIMS, CONDUCT A CLASS ACTION, OR MAKE AN AWARD TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY NOT A PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION. FURTHER, YOU AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE PROCEEDINGS FOR MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S CLAIMS, AND IT MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CLASS ACTION. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, HOWEVER, YOU CAN SEEK PUBLIC INJUNCTIVE RELIEF TO THE EXTENT AUTHORIZED BY LAW AND CONSISTENT WITH THE EXCEPTIONS CLAUSE ABOVE. 3. IF THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS LIMITED, VOIDED, OR FOUND UNENFORCEABLE, THEN, UNLESS THE PARTIES MUTUALLY AGREE OTHERWISE, THE PARTIES' AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID WITH RESPECT TO SUCH PROCEEDING SO LONG AS THE PROCEEDING IS PERMITTED TO PROCEED AS A CLASS ACTION. IF A COURT DECIDES THAT THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH ARE DEEMED INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE, ANY PUTATIVE CLASS, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL OR CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION MUST BE BROUGHT IN A COURT OF PROPER JURISDICTION AND NOT IN ARBITRATION.

21. **Additional Provisions**

a. Updating These Terms. We may modify these Terms from time to time in which case we will update the "**Last Revised**" date at the top of these Terms. If we make changes that are material, we will use reasonable efforts to attempt to notify you, such as by e-mail and/or by placing a prominent notice on the first page of the Website. However, it is your sole responsibility to review these Terms from time to time to view any such changes. The updated Terms will be effective as of the time of posting, or such later date as may be specified in the updated Terms. Your continued access or use of the Services after the modifications have become effective will be deemed your acceptance of the modified Terms. No amendment shall apply to a dispute for which an arbitration has been initiated prior to the change in Terms.

b. Suspension; Termination. If you breach any of the provisions of these Terms, all licenses granted by the Company will terminate automatically. Additionally, the Company may, in its sole discretion, suspend or terminate your Account and/or access to or use of any of the Services, with or without notice, for any or no reason, including, without limitation, (i) if we believe, in our sole discretion, you have engaged in any activities prohibited by these Terms; (ii) if you provide any incomplete, incorrect or false information to us; (iii) if you have breached any portion of these Terms; (iv) if we suspect you may be a Prohibited Person or any Wallet used to access the Services is linked with any illegal or high-risk activity; and/or (v) if we determine such action is necessary to comply with these Terms, any of our policies, procedures or practices, or any law rule or regulation. If the Company deletes your Account for any suspected breach of these Terms by you, you are prohibited from re-registering for the Services under a different name. In the event of Account deletion for any reason, the Company may, but is not obligated to, delete any of Your Content. The Company shall not be responsible for the failure to delete or deletion of Your Content. All sections which by their nature should survive the termination of these Terms shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement by the Company or you. Termination will not limit any of the Company’s other rights or remedies at law or in equity.

c. Injunctive Relief. You agree that a breach of these Terms will cause irreparable injury to the Company for which monetary damages would not be an adequate remedy and the Company shall be entitled to equitable relief in addition to any remedies it may have hereunder or at law without a bond, other security or proof of damages.

d. California Residents. If you are a California resident, in accordance with Cal. Civ. Code § 1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.

e. Export Laws. You agree that you will not export or re-export, directly or indirectly, the Services and/or other information or materials provided by the Company hereunder, to any country for which the United States or any other relevant jurisdiction requires any export license or other governmental approval at the time of export without first obtaining such license or approval. In particular, but without limitation, the Services may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or any country that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, or (b) to anyone listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties, including the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person's List or Entity List. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are not located in any such country or on any such list. You are responsible for and hereby agree to comply at your sole expense with all applicable United States export laws and regulations.

f. Force Majeure. We will not be liable or responsible to you, nor be deemed to have defaulted under or breached these Terms, for any failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any of our obligations under these Terms or in providing the Services, when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from any events beyond our ability to control, including acts of God; flood, fire, earthquake, epidemics, pandemics, tsunami, explosion, war, invasion, hostilities (whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or acts, riot or other civil unrest, government order, law, or action, embargoes or blockades, strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns or other industrial disturbances, shortage of adequate or suitable Internet connectivity, equipment failure, telecommunication breakdown or shortage of adequate power or electricity, and other similar events beyond our control.

g. Miscellaneous. If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms and the licenses granted hereunder may be assigned by the Company but may not be assigned by you without the prior express written consent of the Company. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. The section headings used herein are for reference only and shall not be read to have any legal effect. The Services are operated by us in the United States. Those who choose to access the Services from locations outside the United States do so at their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of laws rules, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in New York, New York.

h. How to Contact Us. You may contact us regarding the Services or these Terms by e-mail at notices@eigenlabs.org.